
  
  
  

## CONTENTS OF THIS FILE

  
  

- Introduction

  

- Requirements

  

- Installation

  

- The Framework (described in'About the framework.docx' file at the root folder)

  
  

- The Project Structure

  

- Launching the App and DriverExe.

  

- About the BaseRepo Package

  

- About the EnvironmetnalSetupPackage

  

- About pageRepo Package

  

- About Utilities Package

  

- About the main/Resources Package

  

- About the test/Resources Package

  

- About the test package

  

- Test Data Providers

  

- Constants and Configurations

  

- XMLs

- Reporting

  

- Extent Reporting

  

- TestNG Reporting

  

- Summary

  

## [](#introduction)INTRODUCTION

  

This is a **Flexible, Ready-To-Use, and**  ***~~still developing~~*** automation framework which is design for the mobile Automation testers (for Android only) in order to Accelerate the process of automation and minimize the hectic steps for writing the lengthy code.

  

As mentioned earlier this is flexible, one can find here to optional ways for as much as for everything, like from the from initial launching the mobile application, locating Mobile elements, reporting, and other actions required during the automation.

  

** See the IntroToTheAppiumFramework.mp4 video for overall  running picture of the framework.

  

## REQUIREMENTS

  

-  [java JDK 1.8](https://www.oracle.com/in/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html) or higher with [Envi. variable setup](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19182-01/821-0917/inst_jdk_javahome_t/index.html)

  

-  [appium](http://appium.io/downloads.html) installation with SDK path setup in [Envi Variable setup](https://medium.com/@syamsasi/setting-up-appium-on-windows-and-ubuntu-ea9a73ab989)

  

- TestNG, maven plugins for IDE from Marketplace of IDE's

  

-  **'ApkInfo'** an apk app on the testing device, the app is helpful for getting the information about the *app Package* and *AppActivity* for any application which needs to automate.

  

## [](#installation)INSTALLATION

  

The respective installation are given above, before proceeding to the code, the afore mentioned installation must be done and verified that they (Stacks) are working.

  

Also the respective Environmental Variables for the above stacks must be updated in the system

  

## [](#configuration)CONFIGURATION.prop

  

Followings are the Configurable parameters which can be configured from the Configuration.properties file located at the root location of the project

  

-  **udid** -to be updated

  

-  **appApkPath** - to be updated

  

-  **luanchAppFrom** - to be updated

  

-  **useDefaultServer** -to be updated

  

-  **appActivity** - to be updated

  

-  **appPackage** - to be updated

  

alternatively, if one can opt to use Constant file in place of Config.prop then update the same inside the Constant.java file

  
 

---

### linting

  

In java tester can use the lint plugin for IDE's as the linting for JAVA is not much popular than the JS , thus the gradle plugin, or Sonar lint plugin for eclipse may help

  
  

---

  

## The test Execution

  

- After setting desired env.variables in Constant/configuration file ,

  

- defined the test inside the textNG.xml accordingly,

  

- open the pom.xml update the testNg.xml details and run the pom.xml as `clean install` / `clean test`

  

- proceed for Report evaluation.

  

## Reporting

  

*Extent Report*

- The project uses the Extent Reporting tool for reporting the test results

  

- locate the report folder at the root location and expand under this failure_screenshots (`./report/failure_screenshots`) folder saves the failure screen shots and [`./report/report.html`] is file used to view the reports generated by the extent report tool.

  
  

*TestNG Report*

- The TestNG reports are also available for evaluation of the test results

  

- Under the test-output folder, click on index.html to view the testNG report.

  

- failure screen shot for testNG reports are stored under `'/target/surefire-reports/failure_screenshots'`

---

  
  

## Summary

The project is made to minimize the efforts for the tester in android automation. As there are lots of API to explore for, thus (as much as possible) mobile actions are covered and logic is applied in development of this project and still have vast scope for further development.

  
   